Update PolyMC install instructions (#60)
QuiltMC/quiltmc.org: src/install/polymc.md

   <a href="https://polymc.org" class="button is-link"><span class="icon"><i class="fas fa-globe"></i></span><span>Website</span></a>
</div>

PolyMC is an advanced launcher, Designed to be accessible to all users.
To set up a Quilt instance, simply follow these steps:

1. Download and install PolyMC from [their website](https://polymc.org) - **version 1.2.0** or later
2. Open PolyMC, follow the setup steps and click on the **Add Instance** button at the top of the window
3. Fill out the **Name** and **Group** boxes as required

> 4. Select **Custom** *(**Vanilla** for versions before 5.0)* from the list on the left, and pick the version of Minecraft you'd like to use for you instance

Reviewer: 5.0 isn't even released yet

To install mods to your PolyMC instance, simply follow these steps:

1. Right-click on the instance you'd like to install mods to and select **Edit Instance**, or click on it once and select **Edit Instance** from the menu on the right of the window
2. Select **Mods** from the list on the left, and click on the **Download mods** button in the menu on the right side of the window
3. Find a mod from CurseForge or Modrinth, and click the **Select mod for download** button

> 4. Ensure you have selected **Quilt Standard Libraries** to be installed with the mod downloader, alternatively download [on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/qsl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Ensure you have selected **Quilted Fabric API** to be installed with the mod downloader, alternatively download [on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/qsl)
```

Author: Right I'll ammend this to be up to date, im pretty sure the other pages also refer to qsl so I might add that into the pr.
